hey everybody welcome to another episode
of Facebook live I am your Intrepid host
Tom Bilu and I'm here with none other
than the voice of the community Cindy
AKA essence of sin essence of sin
everyone what is up not much how we
doing today doing good feeling a little
under the weather yesterday oh that's
right yeah it was just random I think it
was food poisoning to be honest you know
yeah it was just like a random that and
then's your what's your least favorite
kind of sick um my least favorite kind
of sick I would say a
fever okay good call that's tough to be
like yeah that's pretty much when I feel
like the worst is when I have a fever I
like I guess I'm so used to like having
like weird food poisoning or stomach
things that it's not why I don't know
like I have a very like I have a
sensitive stomach but it like kind of
crops up randomly so it might be like oh
like I'm eating normally for a while and
then
oh suddenly like nothing stays down and
I'm just like oh okay that's weird yeah
not good I know not good I'm I'm going
to have to go with stomach stuff yeah
I'll take a fever I feel like you can
treat a fever yeah like if you you nap
and like nap get some Advil like you're
good but once your stomach goes man that
is it yeah that is it all right really
upbeat way to start the day hey
everybody starting off let's talk
illness I was up past my bedtime again
last night night second time this week
is that I think that's going to be a
recurring theme for you
nope no can't do it all right I'm not
about it I refuse to commit to being up
past my bedtime you do have an event
this evening so you are going to
be damn you for bringing truth into this
conversation in case you yeah but
speaking of which if you guys are oh
it's Invitation Only isn't it oh I'm a
bad person I was about to invite them
all and then I would get Maybe time I
think it's one of the first ones they're
doing so they're keeping it a little on
the small side yeah but I'm speaking at
an event tonight which I'm very excited
about should be a lot of fun and also
anybody out there planning events for
speakers um and maybe this is just me
but when you can do because this is
interview style so there's no like you
don't have to prepare a speech like it's
nice it's like zero stress I'm very
excited uh so yeah it should be a lot of
fun and Dr finess is already there
checking it out and uh I'll be joining
later tonight
exactly and then last night was all
about Mr Aoki yeah that was a lot of fun
good to see him in the crew what event
was that um he has partnered up with
Burton Snowboards to launch a line of
luggage which makes sense because our
boy travels
Non-Stop and last night I was once again
reminded that networking while I hate
leaving this woman and I think that's a
big part of my problem is I have
something at home that I want to stay
home for cuz I know people that like
Network like machines mhm
but for me it's like always even though
I've given like all these talks about
how networking is so important you got
to get out there like you got to do it
and every time I'm like I don't want to
go I do not want to go I want to stay at
home with my wife and I drag myself out
we go last night and it was awesome and
I met a guy there who works at um who's
the big talent
agency CA no you the other one there's
so many letters oh man WME WME IMG so I
think G is the sports side and so anyway
he's on the egaming side Esports oh man
the whole Esports universe is going to
come down to my head for that slip up
big shout out to Yoni what's up Yoni um
so met this guy that does that for WME
talking about how he built it because he
got ended up getting acquired by them
built this company from nothing like
turned it into this multinational it's a
pretty cool story very interesting I
think Esports is going to be huge but I
don't think they've cracked the nut yet
so this is something routinely people um
come up to me to invest in and until
somebody can figure out how that
business model is actually going to work
I just can't bring myself to do it but
I'm utterly fascinated and I think
someone's going to make billions of
dollars so it'll be interesting to see
who that is all right random start but
there we have it I know we kind of gone
all over the place all right so um I'm
going to kick it off with a couple from
last week yep um this one comes from
cindry hellmark whoa yeah how would I
introduce developing a growth mindset to
my 16-year-old brother
all right so here's the find something
well first of all if you can get him to
read the book mindset like that's just
the easiest no-brainer answer that's
like the starter guide it really makes
it clear how people end up in a growth
mindset I think Carol D the author has
done an amazing job of walking people
through how to get to a growth mindset
what the differences are so anybody that
can start there just start them there
and if you'll bite and read it um then
you're golden if not then I would start
at something what are their goals what
are they trying to do what do they say
they want to get good at and then either
I usually use story so I'm always trying
to get people inspired my obsession
right now is Disney because I'm reading
his book and just seeing how far he
traveled from where he started as a kid
to where he ended up and if they're
motivated by something like that like
showing how the growth mindset really is
the path to acquiring those skills
because at the end of the day if you can
get somebody to buy in that standing
between who they are today and who they
want to become that thing they want to
get the only thing standing between them
is a set of skills and if there's
something in their life that they've
done like video games I mean if he's a
16-year-old boy my guess is that he's
playing some games um you know use the
language of that like when you start out
you suck and you play and you die and
then you have to assess like what am I
not doing well and practice that and get
better at it and people do it so
effortlessly when it comes to something
that they're passionate about that it's
usually pretty easy for them to grasp
the concept once they have the concept
then you just have to get them to
translate it to other areas of their
their life and getting them broken free
of the belief that their talent and
intelligence are fixed like once they
believe those are malleable um then the
world opens up to you and then my whole
thing is and this is the one part of the
equation that I don't think anybody's
really talking about it's going to be
featured in the book heavily and I'm
looking at you because we've got to make
sure that that continues to move
forward um but is what you build your
self-esteem around matters and how to
craft your self-esteem I mean that'll be
like a whole chapter in the book about
being intentional about what you decide
to Value yourself for what you decide to
reward yourself for and punish yourself
for like all of those things are really
really important and so um really just
talking to them about that stuff the
problem is normally at 16 man they just
push back they don't want to hear it
like they're in like this other world
they're going through that I don't know
if this is true from like have studies
been done I have no idea but this makes
so much intuitive sense um somebody once
said to me look the kids would never
leave the nest if hormonally they didn't
go through this change that actively
made them Rebel and so part of becoming
your own person is rebelling against the
authority figures in your life against
your parents to Define yourself as
separate so if you're any sort of
authority figure in their life even just
by being an older sibling chances are at
about that age they're going to be
pushing back pretty hard they're not
going to want to hear it so you know at
some point if they're not receptive you
just have to live by example and that is
the ultimate Arbiter it's a very slow
process um you know there have been
people in my life life that have watched
me change so radically and it's taken
them 20 years to really start to even
begin to like say hey what did you do
so it's tough
yeah yeah I can only imagine just
because like I think about where I was
at at 16 and like I listened for the
most part but I still kind of tried to
do my own thing you know so don't we all
yep all right so this next one comes
from yo H
Sero our boy hey Tom and Cindy how can I
manage to not to compare myself to
others I know I shouldn't but my brain
does it automatically yeah I mean I
think that's a a very natural part of
being human and there's that great quote
floating around I don't know who came up
with it but that um comparison is the
thief of joy and I think that that's
also true um I think you have to balance
it this is gas and break this is knowing
when to step on one side and when to
recognize that that becomes
self-defeating if you take it too far uh
so we'll just apply the 8020 rule 80% of
the time don't look at other people
don't worry about what they're doing
don't even think about it create your
own path um try to make unique
Connections in your own mind your own
way with your unique background and then
20% of the time pop your head up look
around and see who's crushing it see
who's doing better be inspired even if
it's out of annoyance um and you know I
do that I look around at people that are
doing a better job than we are and I let
it kick me in the ass and focus me but I
don't spend too much time there because
then you'll just end up chasing them um
and there's no way to take a leadership
position when you're chasing so it's
really got to be um driven by something
that you're trying to accomplish
yourself um you've got to have an
internal Vision something that you're
driving towards but I don't think it's a
problem to with some small percentage of
your time to to really see like where do
I fall in the pecking order that's smart
just don't get obsessed yeah um because
I mean we as humans are very much
relational no question we like to be
able to kind of see where we are at in
relation to others and it's kind of how
we figure out where we fit yeah I I
don't think there's any two ways about
it in fact last night at the aoke event
one of the things that um I was
commenting about is so when he walked in
the room so imagine I'm standing in the
center of the room and all of the sudden
this wave of humanity just starts moving
towards where I'm standing and then you
realize oh it's just a wall of people
following him he stops he and I talk for
a minute and then I don't move but the
crowd like then just passes me like a
wave it was so weird and so we filmed it
cuz it was like you can literally see it
happen like the all of the energy in the
room is centered around the highest
status person in the room which of
course is Steve so it's like that is a
thing that's human psychology at work
we're social animals we need to
understand the pecking order um where
everybody fits and so look there's the
Buddhist stance of elevate yourself out
of all of that like try to disengage
from what we'll call typical um human
Endeavors but that doesn't resonate with
me like I want to go deeper into it but
I don't want to fall prey to things that
aren't useful right so if I've got goals
and I'm trying to reach those goals and
pulling myself back out of the situation
doesn't make sense and I want to go more
deeply into it um then you have to
figure that out but it was it was
utterly fascinating and my conclusion to
that is Fame matters right so part of
the reason that I ultimately stepped out
front and started creating content uh
took the role of the front man is
because I recognized its power and and
yeah like one of the conversations that
I got into last night I mean this is you
want an example here we go so I happened
to be at the moment that Steve passed by
happened to be standing talking to the
guy from WME now he has no idea who I am
but the person that introduced us was
like dude this guy is like an amazing
interviewer you you should I think you
guys will connect right so but he
doesn't do any follow-up questions I'm
too busy intrigued by what he does so
I'm asking a lot of questions while of
humanity passes he and I disembark we
reconnect later and like three or four
people came up and were like hey man I
watch the show it's amazing great
interviews so finally after like the
fifth time somebody said it the guy goes
all right I'm going to take the bait
like why do people keep saying that
you're a good interviewer and I was like
oh I've got the show and blah blah blah
you know and so it was utterly
fascinating to watch his level of
interest in me change as he realized
random people were coming up to me to be
like wo a I recognize you B you've like
had a huge impact on me and see the one
consistent theme of you're um really
good at the interviews and so the
dynamic between he and I changed 180 it
was so interesting now I wish the world
weren't that way I wish people could
just be like in the moment like either
you have something fascinating to say
that's useful to me or you don't but it
doesn't work like that man that's not
the world and so Fame matters that's the
truth hasht truth man hashtag truth
you know all right so this next one
comes from Gustavo Gustavo
poutin um hey Tom from Brazil why do you
always talk about phase one build a
community what's the next phase and
where are we going all right so the
three-phase plan is laid out on the
website so go to impact theory.com
you'll see we've got the three phases
laid out there the reason we talk so
much about phase one is that's the phase
that we're most heavily in but we are
actively working on phases 2 and three
phase two is essentially the creation of
all the things that are going to come
out of that so you've got the two paths
you've got uh company incubation so last
night I was talking to one of the people
that we will almost certainly be
incubating and then on the other side
you've got the content that we're going
to be incubating and yesterday oddly
enough yesterday was actually a pretty
cool day um yesterday I went out to
lunch um I won't give names yet because
so much of the stuff falls apart um but
went out to lunch with a very successful
film producer which because the team
here is scattered to the wind I haven't
even had a chance to tell you guys how
it went um amazing and let me just say
dude I'm telling you right now we're
going to completely disrupt the film
industry can I so I'm going to do my
Babe Ruth right now I'm calling that
shot um talking to this man who has been
incred like going through his IMDb I was
like oh my God God like this guy is like
some he definitely specializes in great
films more than huge films and those are
like my people now the reason those are
my people is because they've seen
quality hit after quality hit after
quality hit does not equal Financial
Security MH and so we're talking about
that dichotomy and feeling like hey the
studios win right the studios always win
and we've got this Bevy of artists cuz
he was you know I told him our strategy
I told him the property specifically
that we're going after and he said hey
would you be interested in actually
involving the writers if we get the
studio on board with what the what we're
trying to do which to give you guys the
very quick rundown goes like this it is
what's called a total merchandising
strategy at the end of the day this
company
is I'm going to share this with the
Insiders because it is not going to be
often that I refer to our company in
this manner but at its like peel back
that top layer and look and side so
everybody come in with me lean in close
impac aists because this isn't what
you're going to hear me talk about a lot
publicly but Underneath It All We Are a
lifestyle company Underneath It All We
are trying to change mindset that's it
and this company is literally me just
thinking about how do we do that now
what you'll normally hear me talk about
is the total merchandising strategy
merchandizing I don't like calling
something a lifestyle company because
that is so hopelessly vague like what
does that even mean so I like people to
be down with me in the tactics of how we
actually pull this off but honestly
under the cover we're a lifestyle
company we are about monetizing echoing
through merchandising the ideology
behind the company okay so we make a
movie that contains ideology we make a
comic book we make a novel we do social
content whatever it is all of it has the
same underlying ideology it's literally
the first question that we started with
how do you go from a fixed mindset to a
growth mindset and because you have this
16-year-old kid who's not going to
listen how do you incept them how do you
get them to change without necessarily
wanting to change how do you leverage
Behavior instead of trying to change
Behavior which by the way that Instagram
quote confuses out of people
because without context nobody had any
idea what I was talking about they
thought I was talking about like on
yourself like Leverage your own behavior
instead of trying to change it yeah
which you should try to change the
out of your own Behavior Uh but leverage
other people's so that's what we're
trying to do trying to get that ideology
into the content that people are already
consuming and then give them the ability
through merchandising to Echo that now
that merchandising I use that word as a
catchall it could be a T-shirt and
already is it could also be an app it
could be a video game it could be um a
whole host of things so anything that's
an an ecosystem echo of the ideology
okay that's a lot of weird words but
over time people are going to really
begin to understand what I mean so
there's like a universe of cool
that's a really more basic way of saying
it um and people are going to signal to
the world who they are so we are a
signaling species we signal to others we
signal to ourselves think about the way
that people dress the way that you dress
is a lot about you the car that you
choose says says a lot about you and
that's how we signal to other people and
most importantly in my opinion that's
how we signal to ourselves and make no
mistake as you try to communicate to
other people you are communicating with
yourself is an utterly fascinating thing
that I'm totally obsessed with this
notion of what we say to ourselves about
ourselves how that shapes us we want to
give people those things so we believe
we can build a huge business doing that
Disney has proven the model you here's
why the Studios have failed to recognize
this and anybody out there who wants to
beat us here's how you beat us this is
the game and I love this because I know
we will out execute you sorry I can on
myself so what you want to do is this
every Studio other than Disney has
failed to stand for one thing Disney
stood for one thing right it was the
magic of we'll call it the magic of
childhood but even Disney said I don't
make cartoons for kids and I think if
you really look at what they've done the
reason it works is because it isn't just
for kids kids love it it's super
accessible to them but it really
contains like these Notions of a simpler
time a more beautiful
time I won't derail I haven't spent
enough time getting really good at being
succinct about the magic of Disney but
the magic of Disney we'll short-and it
to that so when you went to a Disney
property you knew what you were going to
get one thing they're talking about in
the biography is how he was really
paranoid so he used to make his
animators go to life drawing classes and
you draw nude people and he was super
worried that somebody would find out
that Disney animators were drawing nude
women because that like back in the 30s
that was like super scandalous so that
that's somebody who understands what
their brand is now what's the brand of
Sony Studios nobody knows not even Sony
knows they make movies all across the
map what's the brand of Paramount
Studios nobody knows all across the map
so it's like Studios have tried to just
make great art and hey love them for it
like as somebody who just wants to go
see great films I totally get it but
that breaks down your ability to do a
total merchandising strategy so even
Warner Brothers because the the
important part here is to understand
Disney means something not just the
cartoon Disney is branded you know what
it means it stands for something the D
to the everything magic the ethos all of
it the whole shebang it does not have
the same resonance with Sony Paramount
Warner Brothers all those other guys
they do great movies but but their name
brand does not mean something it does
not stand for something and because of
that they can't do what we're going to
do which
is there's ideology associated with
impact Theory and here's a universe of
merchandise that allows you to signal to
yourself and to other people who you are
based on that so it means something so
anyway that's a a very huge
encapsulation of all three things so
phase one is build a community without
that you of nothing phase two is um
create the content the companies and
phase three is actually monetized so
those are the the three phases are all
moving forward it's just because this is
content because this is I mean the this
the social stuff which is where we're
really exceptional right now is all
about actively building the community
that's what you're going to hear me talk
about all right need to wrap it up right
all right so this next one comes from
Lee
hes hey guys good to see your smiling
faces thanks Lee um what is your best
advice for entrepreneurs that are just
starting out when it comes to marketing
I have a hard time wrapping my head
around what I could do to drive traffic
to my
website um sorry ask me the very
beginning of that question so what's
your uh best advice for entrepreneurs
that are starting out how do you drive
traffic um right now you live in the age
of content so the there are many many
ways but I will just say that the
easiest and most profound right now is
great content it needs to be content
geared towards whatever the product is
that you're selling make sure that your
product solves a problem and I meet
entrepreneurs all the time in fact I
want every single one of you out there
if this is what's going through your
head I want you to be 20% embarrassed
and then 80% focused on how you fix the
problem but this is what almost every
entrepreneur that approaches me says Tom
I really want to help
people that's it the end that's their
mission that's that they stop at that
they stop at feeling like a good person
they think well I want to help people
rad man yeah help people how do you
plan to help them and how do you plan to
scale it like most of them it's like
one-on-one that doesn't scale like
if that's the thing that makes you feel
most beautiful and connected to humanity
do it rad that's awesome but that's not
entrepreneurial for me uh so to me like
if you really want to build something
you've got to be focused on how does a
scale so I can't answer your question
with anything specific because I don't
know what your business model is but
make sure meaning what problem are you
trying to solve how do you plan to
profitably monetize it okay that's what
I mean when I say business model uh so
know what your very specific problem is
know how you're going to scale it those
are like just two huge things and most
times people just want to help people
that's not a business model so to give
you an idea go to the website and read
it our three-phase approach is my answer
to how do I actually help people right
and in what way do I want to help them
so Bill Gates is curing malaria that's
helping people for for sure but that's
not going to be that's not what I mean
when I say help people I mean I'm going
to take people from a fixed mindset to a
growth mindset and I think if you get
another billion people doing that this
world becomes a fundamentally different
place to me that was boiling it down to
its physics and answering one simple
question what is the biggest problem
that we could solve that would have the
greatest impact on humanity and the
answer is get more people to believe
that they're capable of anything because
once they do that and that the solution
is cross the chasm of skill set right
get skills get good at something be
exceptional be extraordinary be capable
of Championship performance like that is
the thing that has to change like if
we're really going to accomplish as a
species if we're going to not let our
technology consume us and actually make
it into the singularity like when I boil
everything down it comes down to that
that mindset shift of
understanding your own need
for self-esteem I don't know why I
blanking on self-esteem so that that
very weird Cadence was me groping my
mind for the word self-esteem uh that
once you understand what you're building
your self-esteem around and you
understand that it's all about skill
acquisition you get good at whatever
that you set your mind to and if you're
doing it in service of something bigger
than yourself you actually want to help
Humanity but you can boil it
down to like what's really going to work
and yeah it's actually starting to drive
me a little bit crazy how people just
come up to me and say I want to help
people dude are you not watching the
content like how many times I have to
rail about this like what is
your path to execution like don't
mify
yourself with the feeling that you're a
good person because you want to help
people that's not enough you are a good
person great awesome fantastic but what
are you going to do
now yeah I could I could go in that
endless loop until I died of starvation
thirst I guess would happen first but
please guys I'm begging you like you're
these
incredible machines AI squishy robots
like whatever you want to call it you're
in this incred rible hardware and
software but you have to do something
with it you have to really like push
yourself don't stop when it feels good
stop when the job is done that's a good
one can we t-shirt that I think so he
like we're going to have several
t-shirts coming to the store designs
people sub I asked where those came from
nobody told me oh they from Mike that's
amazing Mike who Mike bickart what we
have actually the next question is from
is in the chain right now yeah the next
question is from him
dude those were amazing no we have to
shout out Mike yeah absolutely BW
so cool those are going up yeah
going mad
love incredible those are the two
incredible we're accepting designs and
we have to figure out exactly what the
Rev share is going to be but if we sell
something that you created out of
profits we will pay you out of profits I
want to be very clear about that
profits yes right now he's like tweaking
some of the fonts and the layout of it
but we're going back and forth with like
feedback and stuff nice nice nice but
yay Mike okay um just as a reminder cuz
he's got to go down like the Hall of
Fame those are the first User submitted
designs we received right they are so
yeah yeah so when you walk the halls of
impact Theory 10 years from now like
Mike burkas right there burkart burkart
yeah let's not up his name how
about that yeah Mike burkart yeah I
think it's yeah okay um um so I forgot
to mention our giveaway
oh so we have our giveway The Voice come
on voice what's Happ we have our
giveaway guys so it's either a three
month subscription to audible or three
books of your choosing nice um if you
won share the difference between you and
a billionaire the J samit clip that just
released a couple days Facebook page Tom
bil's Facebook page and that's where you
can find it to share it take a
screenshot of that share on your
timeline feed everything and then send
that screenshot to connect impact
theory.com it's also in the comments um
and if you have any questions just ask
nice there we go yeah so with that
lovely introduction from Mike burkart he
wants to know one he loves the show and
his question is if you had the
opportunity to build the next internet
I.E the next big technology that changes
Society forever what would you build and
why um I don't have that answer because
if I did I'd be doing it uh so yeah I
don't know I um my focus is clearly on
what we're doing now I think that the
huge bet that anybody who's paying
attention to should be um really
doubling down on is arvr I think that
that Revolution is in its absolute
infancy so I like to think of it as base
camp versus summiting um Mount Everest
and usually people think that a movement
is peaked at base camp and that's back
when people calling the internet of fad
that was base camp and now we're
probably still not even at the peak of
Everest to be honest but arvr is not
even at base camp yet so this is um it's
either going to totally flop which I'll
I'll just put my reputation on the line
now and say that's absolutely not going
to happen it is going to be the next
paradigm shift in ways we can't even
begin to imagine right now like who saw
really really back in like 94 when I
first got my email account who saw apps
coming right nobody nobody saw apps on a
phone like it just nope I don't zero
zero people saw apps on a phone coming
maybe the guy a pal pilot the the level
or even like Facebook live right like it
just it was taking five minutes to
download a single image so it's like you
just you can't conceive of where the
world goes so in arvr I don't think
people really understand read the book
in fact can we can I derail for a minute
derail all right guys if you're a
technologist which I am not by the way
which is part of the reason that I'm not
going to take my own advice on this one
but if you are a technologist will you
please read science fiction and just go
these guys are so insanely good at
predicting the future they've thought
through the like that is what a
science fiction writer's mind is great
at like look at Asim off and how many
things that he predicted read 1984 if
you really want to get freaked the
out if you really want to get freaked
out read 1984 and realize when that
was written and how he predicted the
cameras everywhere and the fact that we
would willingly let things like Alexa
into our lives just really take a second
to think about that one so that is what
science fiction writers do they predict
the future way far in advance because
they are thinking internally about
humans and what they are like so they
are really good now the guy that wrote
Ready Player one I think has already
nailed what arvr actually becomes and
you need an omnidirectional treadmill to
pull it off so kids somebody needs to
develop an omnidirectional and people
are already working working on it
doesn't mean that you can't come in and
disrupt but develop an omnidirectional
treadmill because here's the problem
with
VR it makes you seasick okay you put the
goggles on you if you can't move
then the camera can't move I think
you've got like three or 4 seconds Max
before you'll start to get seasick cuz
you feel like you're floating it is
really bizarre when the camera
is moving on the z-axis it's really
weird now it's amazing and when it's
only happens for like 3 seconds you're
like oh my God that was so cool don't
stop and they're like no no no you will
get sick so you you have to be moving
which means I have to have the Sensation
that I'm moving so the omnidirectional
treadmill has to let me move in any
direction has to let me run has to let
me walk slow and it's got to figure out
how to do it hey I'm not saying it's
going to be easy I'm just saying it's
needed and whoever does that is going to
crush it and then haptics because
between haptics and omnidirectional
treadmills that is what is going to let
that Revolution take off and let me tell
you if you have not read J samon's book
disrupt you yet guys please do if you're
an entrepreneur and you have read that
book do I go to each one of their houses
and shake them like crazy maybe it may
come to that but because if you're an
entrepreneur and you have not read that
book you are falling behind and one of
the things that he talks about in that
is you don't have to be the one that
comes up with the next huge disruption
that does not need to be you because as
that disruption happens it will create
so many opportunities so you didn't have
to create the iPhone but the guy that
created the iPhone cases I think his
company was valued at over a billion
dollars yeah because he created cases
yep and the guy with the dust covers and
everything for computers very well said
so omnidirectional treadmill haptics
please they suck right now I've tried I
haven't tried an omnidirectional
treadmill but I've tried stuff where
they let you move around a little bit
it's not good um and then the ha dicks
it's it's just not there it will get
there it's not but it's not there yet
that's going to be a big thing I do want
to shout out to I think like our
community because um disrupt you is low
in stock on Amazon I saw that screenshot
from yeah that was red I was like that's
so cool th this okay that moment right
there you just gave me the chills that
moment right there is why we do the show
because think about that we can we can
mobilize enough people that they can
diminish Amazon stock yeah eight left in
stock it might be at zero who the
knows it's called the Oprah effect okay
just saying I'm just saying just funny
out there I'm not drawing parallels I'm
just saying
I love it okay so our next question
comes from Dan bro Fitness Dan bro Dan
bro and I saw Dan bro in uh Jay's IG
feed that was dope Dan bro mad love and
then we had another guy something wolf
i' forget his name right now uh but yeah
he was there as well that was awesome
thank you guys very cool to see you
commenting love it okay so this one um
his question is for from all the guests
we've had on it what do you think they
all have in common growth mindset period
simple simple as when they hit an
obstacle they don't think I'm dumb I'm
stupid I could never do it they think
okay I lack a skill set and I have to
figure this out so I'm going to go
around it over it under it through it
whatever but I'm going to get to the
other side of that and it is it is the
arrogance of belief now the arrogance of
belief isn't that I'm good enough I'm
better I'm whatever it's I can get good
at anything I set my mind to period like
that's the arrogance of belief like once
you have that that once you know I can
build a studio bigger than Disney's I
just have to really think about what
does that look like today what skills am
I lacking who are the people that I need
to know to actually execute against this
not get stuck in traps for instance I
will just make a prediction right now
the studio route isn't going to work for
us I can Dazzle them in meetings okay I
give great meeting as they say but then
they don't do anything because just
thinking about the culture of a big
company they can't move like they can't
be nimble I'm literally coming in and
saying hey by the way change your entire
business model and they they
cannot do it because for decades they've
been hiring people that think a certain
way and that is why companies don't
evolve they get disrupted and that makes
me really sad it makes me really sad and
really paranoid about our own future and
how you build into the culture that
nimbleness like how do you build into a
culture a willingness to disrupt
yourselves there are very very few
companies that can do it so that would
be something that I will obsessively
think about I thought obsessively about
that question like that was always in
the Forefront of my mind and I don't
feel like I've cracked a nut so there is
an answer I don't have it yet but this
honestly inside Quest was my best
attempt because they can they can see it
like it's the the knowledge the mindset
it's scalable and that was originally
why I started inside Quest was so people
could see like I've gotten to this
process of thinking through all these
years this is why this is why I'm here
look all these successful people that
I'm going to bring on you're going to
see the same themes over and over and
over as a company if we can adopt that
then we can disrupt ourselves and avoid
stagnating it's why I talk so much about
not letting your beliefs calfy into
Dogma right so don't get stuck thinking
you're cool that's another way to say it
don't think you know it right your your
thinking your thought processes the
things that you believe they've got to
change and evolve otherwise you're dust
ideas to me are like music they change
that rapidly what made sense a year ago
is just super outdated today and that's
it actually is one of the reasons that I
force myself to listen to new music like
all the time like I'm about it like me
and Taylor Swift we'd be like that
so yeah like I'm on it so got to got to
stay fresh got to stay
connected yeah I mean absolutely I
listen to new music all the time and
youth are always by their nature largely
because of what I was talking about
earlier hormonally they're programmed to
push back to Rebel so they're disrupting
from that perspective and then they
don't have Dogma yet so they're
literally building it as they go so it's
every generation is going to be
different because they are growing up in
a different time period um and I'll just
tell you guys one thing you should be
doing this is what marketers do all the
time is they really look at Generations
they look at demographics and they ask
like what are the high level the macro
Trends now most people this drives me
crazy most people get so annoyed that
macro Trends aren't specific and
accurate to them as an individual that
they dismiss it
it's a macro Trend it's high level it's
there are movements of the crowd even if
the movement of anyone individual
doesn't make sense MH at a high enough
level The Stereotype is true and when
you're looking at demographics it can be
incredibly incredibly
powerful so get on those demos man if
you're trying to build a company doesn't
necessarily hold true maybe for parents
but for parents for them
entrepreneurs all right how much time do
we have did we warn we didn't warn the
audience so we we have to cut short
today oh we do yeah where we at okay
they didn't even warn me 10 minutes
before our shorter cut
off we have to do a book review sorry
guys The Madness of all this like we can
only stop the crew for an hour B okay so
let me minutes okay you got another 10
minutes all right okay
[Music]
um all right so then I'll take this one
from Ian Pettit Ian pet it sounds Pettit
sounds can you recommend specific
resources on tactics for raising capital
and team building I hear a lot of talk
about these subjects and I know they're
important what to serve my why but I
don't know how to get there from a place
of being um non credentialed and having
minimal history of company building um
so I first of all I would say avoid
raising Capital if you can so that's
where this whole concept of the side
hustle comes in figure out what the
problem is that you're going to solve
try to solve it for as cheap as you can
get a minimum viable product out into
the market um if you don't have any
history I'll just say startup or uh
Kickstarter is a great place to go
Indiegogo any of those where you can
create a video explaining to people what
your company is what your product is
what you're trying to accomplish get
them excited get them to fund it by
essentially pre- buing the product um
it's not necessarily the ideal way
because there's a lot of pressures that
fall on people when they do that um but
I think that it's a great way it's a
great way not to have to raise
institutional Capital it's a great way
not to have to actually sell a piece of
your company uh but then there are also
some places where you instead of selling
the product you actually can sell um
some of the company and people can buy
equity in your company um you can try
those if that you know feels better to
you um but knowing that today getting
capital is not the hard part it's having
an idea that's so compelling and having
a product that's so compelling that
people want to give you money money so
the money is out there it's just is the
problem that you're solving a big enough
problem and are you solving it in a
clever enough way that people are
actually going to want to invest so I
think 99 times out of 100 people aren't
failing to get money because there's no
money they're failing to get money
because their idea is not very good or
they're not good at presenting it that's
the truth so if your idea is compelling
enough if your problem solves a big
enough problem and you've been able to
figure out a way to do it profitably
you'll be golden so look at the Jessica
oh Matthews episode um dig deep into her
World she's had to do that so she got
the company off the ground had the
Prototype made it successful before she
took Capital so she took Capital to grow
it and that is much easier to find that
Capital when you've actually got a
product you're out there it's working
and you want to scale now finding money
for that that I totally get but to get
to the point where you're actually
making sales you shouldn't need a lot of
capital I mean very very little five
grand like this isn't uh you shouldn't
be trying to to get out there and and
find a ton of cash that will be hard um
and then the other one was finding a
team yeah building a team so yeah all of
this boils down to you have to be good
at something to build a team you have to
be good at create a compelling Vision so
people have to know what you're trying
to accomplish you have to be very good
at getting other people excited and I
think the Visionary in any company that
is a big part of your job is you're just
getting people excited they need to see
your vision they need to feel it you're
in enthusiasm needs to be contagious
they need to believe in you they need to
think that you're going to figure it out
even if you don't know how to do
everything and they need to feel better
about themselves when they're around you
than they do when they're not around you
and that is just a key ingredient to
building a team so getting people
excited giving them a vision to follow
showing that you're able to execute um
doesn't mean that you get everything
right I think people are very willing to
let people fail when they're super
upfront about it they're honest uh
they're not shucking and Jing and trying
to lie and Bs like then people just
start to feel icky invite people into
the world make them a part of it make
them feel good good about their
contributions that is so big that is so
important if you do that then it's about
just getting out there and finding those
like-minded people cuz like dating
you're going to have to touch a lot of
people before you find the ones that
really gravitate towards what you're
trying to do uh Facebook groups is a
great place to start tell anybody and
everybody who will listen what you're
looking for that's another big thing so
in fact hey to that point I'm going to
float it out there uh Lisa and I need a
personal assistant anybody in the LA
area you have to be in the LA area you
are literally going to be glued to one
of our hips all day every day we're
looking for people that are all the way
in uh this is an entry-level position
this is a personal assistant not an
executive assistant so let's really
differentiate between that Must Love
Dogs must be very compassionate you're
going to spend a lot of time with my
pooches so that they're not barking
during episodes uh so yes anybody out
there so that I do that all the time I'm
constantly telling people what I'm
looking for yeah and you'll be surprised
to respond so put it out there talk talk
talk get people excited absolutely make
people feel good real problem so this
next question comes from Kelly Foss um I
think a lot of us are sensitive to the
energy around us while I keep positive
people around me in my life sometimes
I'm around people who give off negative
energy without my control how can I best
avoid allowing this energy to negatively
impact me I love that I love negative
people negative people are
magical listen close K you ready I'm
ready so here's why negative people are
magical if you guys guys watched the I
think it was the last episode of Tom
bill you Theory which if you're not
watching that get on it in that episode
my wife who loves me more than anything
in the world or so I like to believe uh
she brought me my food 27 minutes early
so I eat at 11:30 just the way it is she
brought it to me at 11:03 now I let that
food sit next to me all smelling
delicious I was so hungry you can't
imagine I wanted to eat that food oh
dear God I really wanted to eat that
food and I thought this is amazing my
wife loves me so much because she's
trying to make me a stronger person and
she's giving me an opportunity to
practice not eating food when I really
want it when it's sitting there and it's
smelling good and it's ready and that 27
minutes later it will actually be worse
it won't be as warm it won't taste as
good and I'm going to sit here and watch
this amazing meal deteriorate so that I
can practice not eating my food when I
want it that I can practice discipline
and people always ask me how do you
practice stuff like that it's in moments
like that so how do you practice making
sure that your growth mindset that your
positivity is impervious when you're
around negative people and look I don't
I'm not saying run out and get yourself
around negative people but when they
show up you need to say to yourself oh
my God this is an amazing opportunity
for me to practice making sure that
internally I can generate positivity so
I use this strategy it's called repeat
it three times so if somebody were
sitting at the table and they're like oh
my God the system is really trying to
hold me down like I just can't break
free and my job sucks I'm going to say
in my head three times I can overcome
any system I can overcome any system I
can overcome any system um my job is
what I make of it my job is what I make
of it my job is what I make of it and I
literally would repeat that in my head
three times all while smiling at them
and being like oh girl I feel you um but
yeah like I just repeat it in my head
repeat it in my head repeat it in my
head there there many of these tactics
are deadly simple but you actually have
to do them so yeah it's like the simple
stuff that people block and tackle block
and tackle block and tackle I Like It
Word how many more do we have Lisa um
let's do one more question all we have
one more question last question speaking
of Music sorry the one TBT releasing
today oh we have a new TBT episode oh oh
that hasn't dropped yet oh so it's today
apparently I get sneak peeks I know well
always backstage access if they're
following you on social hashtag truth
truth truth truth so it drops today
check it out it'll drop later today all
right and this last question comes from
it is Daniel Breeze Tom I have a strong
passion for music and entertainment I
sing I play guitar I used to dance but I
finished a prestigious business school
with an accounting designation how do I
figure out how to use my passion and
expertise to make an impact and earn a
living wow okay so amazing question and
just by the language that he uses I want
to note that he's from the UK I'm going
to need some bonus points for thats um
and okay so here's how it goes uh follow
your bliss I will avoid using the word
passion do that which makes you feel
most alive you have asked me a false
question which is how do you do like how
do I end world hunger and um make a
million dollars all while doing dance
basically and you may not be able to so
you need to do the thing that makes you
feel most alive you need to decide
what's meaningful to you is it
meaningful to make a lot of money uh and
if you want to make a lot of money and
you want to impact people then we may
not be singing We may but we may not so
we need to decide what's the order of
priority so I will give you an example I
wanted to be a filmmaker but I did not
want to be a starving artist that was
not okay for me so I went down the path
of learning to control the resources to
focus on understanding business so you
can't imagine the irony to me of now
going back to the studio system and
talking to these guys who understand art
but they don't understand business and I
can get them so excited because
I know how to take an idea and actually
make money with it so it's intoxicating
to them because they've built their
entire career creating great art and yet
they're still panicking because they're
going from paycheck to paycheck like
really think about that for a second
beautiful big house panic because
they're one they are living beyond their
memes which is not smart but it's a
human tendency people are always going
to do that um but then two because they
don't control they don't have control
over anything because they trade for
that short-term money so it's and then
you get into a cycle of trading for
short-term money which is why I always
encourage really young people don't
worry about what your pay is in fact go
accept less money than they're offering
for the position but make the very
loving demand that hey if you're
offering 65,000 for this position I'll
do it for
40,000 and I want to be able to come
into any highle meeting that I want with
rare exclusions right there'll be some
things you're not going to be able to
get access to that is way way more
beneficial than getting the salary but
people don't think like that they want
to get as much money as they can they're
always extracting short-term value and
there's gasping off camera so I'm going
to guess that do we are we no longer
live um so that is that's the the big
thing that I would do so you're going to
break these things down you're going to
put what you want in priority order so
for me I needed to control my resources
cuz I did not want to have to sell my
art to the highest bidder I wanted to be
in control so I went down a very long
path to me 14 years to really have the
kind of success that I wanted to have I
had to learn the hard lesson don't chase
money really Chase Excellence Chase
value creation all of that and the money
will come out of that but it was all in
the wrapping of um business Acumen
learning to be good at business that was
a huge driver for me so because I was
being honest with myself that I didn't
want to be a starving artist now if you
don't mind being a starving artist and
it's not about making a lot of money in
fact there's a recent song out I forget
the guy's name it must be Mike cuz
that's how refers to himself in the song
and um in the song he sings his mother
asking him Mike don't you want to be
comfortable and he says no I don't want
to be comfortable like I want to pursue
something that makes me feel most alive
so I think that's great it's about
knowing what's real for you what do you
really want so if you really want to
sing like dude on what level right so
you could do Community Theater I can
pretty much guarantee if you're good at
singing like that's real and that's a
beautiful life for many people so you
could do a job teaching music to kids
which will probably make you feel alive
and excited cuz you're helping people
which you said you want to do and seeing
at the community theater really put on
great shows make your community theater
the best community theater in the UK
which that's a real thing you could
really do that get accolades so I mean
it's like you could create that life
right but if you want to make a lot of
money this is where artists trip
themselves up you will probably never
see me direct something why because it
takes so much energy that you have to be
focused on that one thing so for me
being able to scale it is one that's how
you get access to the real
resources so um I would build the studio
right instead of being the director so
that's like understanding the universe
of things that changes when you decide
to build the studio instead of being the
director but that means that I don't get
to direct which means I don't get the
direct hand in creating the art but that
was me being honest about what's
meaningful to me so I like to be I want
to be around the art I want to be
responsible for creating the atmosphere
for artists to come in and create I want
to incubate and Empower those artists
but at the end of the day I want to be
the studio I want to be the one with the
final say that's me that's my
personality and I have gone on a very
long journey of getting the ability to
control that to understand how to build
it um to know how to disrupt a system to
know how to monetize to recognize
artists to work with large teams to
build teams like that's what I've spent
the last almost 15 years of my life
doing so you have to be honest with the
path you're going to go down all right
so I got the wrap-up signal so we're
going to have to peace out guys thank
you so much for joining us this is um
wonderful for me it allows me to really
think through and concretize which
believe it or not is a word uh conze my
thoughts it does not sound like a word
you're very right about that uh so
thanks for joining us actually I'm
supposed to be over here thank you for
asking all of your questions we do not
take that for granted and guys thank you
for depleting all of the books in Amazon
stock for J samet's book disrupt you
that is amazing that's another one of
those um Hall of Fame moments for this
company and this community we are
insanely grateful for you all you have
no idea just how much all right it's a
weekly show if you haven't already be
sure to subscribe and remember Tom billu
Theory drops today check it out it's a
new series uh we're really proud of that
so make sure that you check it out let
us know what you think the scenes access
things that you you know say do kind of
learning how we built this indeed how we
build this because it's active very true
well said all right guys until next time
be legendary my friends take care bye
peace